add first ASM instructions for Python (#14362)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/application_security/getting_started/python.md

---
title: Python Getting Started with ASM
kind: documentation
code_lang: python
type: multi-code-lang
code_lang_weight: 50
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-py'
      tag: 'GitHub'
      text: 'Python Datadog Library source code'
    - link: "/security_platform/default_rules/#cat-application-security"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "OOTB Application Security Monitoring Rules"
    - link: "/security_platform/application_security/troubleshooting"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Troubleshooting Application Security Monitoring"
---

> You can monitor application security for Python apps running in Docker, Kubernetes, AWS ECS, and AWS Fargate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor the security of your Python apps running in Docker, Kubernetes, AWS ECS, and AWS Fargate.
```

{{% appsec-getstarted %}}

## Get started

> 1. **Update your Datadog Python library package** to at least version 1.2.2 or later, by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update your Datadog Python library package to at least version 1.2.2 or later. Run the following:
```

   ```shell
    pip install --upgrade ddtrace
   ```

>    For information about which language and framework versions are supported by the library, see [Compatibility][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For information about which language and framework versions are supported by the library, see the [Compatibility][1] section of the ASM Setup and Configure documentation.
```

> 2. **Enable ASM when starting the Python application.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable ASM when starting the Python application.
```

```bash
DD_APPSEC_ENABLED=true ddtrace-run python app.py
```

>     Or one of the following methods, depending on where your application runs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also use one of the following methods, depending on where your application runs:
```

   {{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Docker CLI" %}}

Update your configuration container for APM by adding the following argument in your `docker run` command:

```shell
docker run [...] -e DD_APPSEC_ENABLED=true [...]
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Dockerfile" %}}

Add the following environment variable value to your container Dockerfile:

```shell
ENV DD_APPSEC_ENABLED=true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

> Update your configuration yaml file container for APM and add the AppSec env variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update your configuration YAML file container for APM and add the `DD_APPSEC_ENABLED` environment variable:
```

```yaml
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: <CONTAINER_NAME>
          image: <CONTAINER_IMAGE>/<TAG>
          env:
            - name: DD_APPSEC_ENABLED
              value: "true"
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS ECS" %}}

> Update your ECS task definition JSON file, by adding this in the environment section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update your ECS task definition JSON file by adding the following in the environment section:
```

```json
"environment": [
  ...,
  {
    "name": "DD_APPSEC_ENABLED",
    "value": "true"
  }
]
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS Fargate" %}}

> Initialize ASM in your code or set `DD_APPSEC_ENABLED` environment variable to `true` in your service invocation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize ASM in your code or set the `DD_APPSEC_ENABLED` environment variable to `true` in your service invocation:
```

---
title: Python Getting Started with ASM
kind: documentation
code_lang: python
type: multi-code-lang
code_lang_weight: 50
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-py'
      tag: 'GitHub'

>       text: 'NodeJS Datadog Library source code'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      text: 'Python Datadog Library source code'
```

ENV DD_APPSEC_ENABLED=true
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

Update your configuration yaml file container for APM and add the AppSec env variable:

```yaml
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: <CONTAINER_NAME>
          image: <CONTAINER_IMAGE>/<TAG>
          env:
            - name: DD_APPSEC_ENABLED
              value: "true"
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS ECS" %}}

Update your ECS task definition JSON file, by adding this in the  environment section:

```json
"environment": [
  ...,
  {
    "name": "DD_APPSEC_ENABLED",
    "value": "true"
  }
]
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS Fargate" %}}

Initialize ASM in your code or set `DD_APPSEC_ENABLED` environment variable to `true` in your service invocation:
```shell
DD_APPSEC_ENABLED=true ddtrace-run python app.py
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

{{% appsec-getstarted-2-canary %}}

{{< img src="/security_platform/application_security/application-security-signal.png" alt="Security Signal details page showing tags, metrics, suggested next steps, and attacker IP addresses associated with a threat." style="width:100%;" >}}

## Further Reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

> [1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-js/blob/master/MIGRATING.md

Reviewer 2: not used
